Improve templates for GitHub (#19539)
PrestaShop/PrestaShop: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/3_support_question.md

---

> name: ⛔ Support Question

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: ⛔ I need help
```

about: See https://www.prestashop.com/support for questions about using PrestaShop

---

> We use GitHub issues only to discuss about PrestaShop bugs and new features. For
> this kind of questions about using PrestaShop or third-party modules, please use
> any of the support alternatives shown in https://www.prestashop.com/support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use GitHub issues only to discuss about bugs in the PrestaShop project and new features.
If you have questions about using PrestaShop or third-party modules, or if you need help
with your shop, please refer to one of our support plans: https://www.prestashop.com/support
```
